Soft Skill Questions

    Tell us about something you were asked to do that you have never done before. How did you react, and what did you learn?
    What are the three most important aspects of a job, in your opinion? Team Co
    Can you give us an example of when you had to work with someone who was difficult? How did you handle the situation?
    Have you ever been in a situation when everything did not go according to plan? How did you react, and what was the outcome?
    How did you handle an urgent problem when your supervisor or manager was away?
    Can you tell us about a time you were faced with a challenge that you had never experienced before?
    How do you prioritize your tasks when you have multiple deadlines to meet?
    What is the most significant problem you solved in the workplace?
    Highlight a situation where you had to make a decision without managerial supervision. How did you approach this situation, and who else did you speak with?
    When have you performed a task without preexisting experience?
    Explain your largest failure at work. How did you learn from this experience?

Technical Questions

    Draw for me (on the whiteboard) the design of the last project you worked on, without revealing to me any sensitive details.
    Implement a string reversing function.
    Implement a sorting function.
    Explain in as much detail as you like how a web browser gets a generated page.
    Write a function to reverse a singly linked list.
    Given a binary tree, find the depth of the binary tree.
    Write me a function to generate, print, and/or store the first n prime numbers. Then explain how it works and how efficient it is.
    Given a binary tree, find the depth of the binary tree.
    Write a function taking a single numerical parameter named c and returning nothing. Your function must satisfy the following requirements: - if c is bigger or equal to 0, then print 'z' to standard output - if c is stricly smaller than 0 , then print 'z' to standard output - in any other case, print the letter 'z' to standard output
    How do you declare a variable (in JavaScript)? What is the diffeence between var, let, and const?